oewabox.at^Ã–WA
buy.at^zanox
youknowbest.com^youknowbest
xad.com^xAd
up-value.de^up-value
ucfunnel.com^ucfunnel
ucoz.net^uCoz
ucoz.fr^uCoz
ucoz.com^uCoz
ucoz.br^uCoz
fraudmetrix.cn^tongdun.cn
tongdun.cn^tongdun.cn
4u.pl^stat4u
reddit.com^reddit
onad.eu^onAd
nurago.com^nurago
nrelate.com^nrelate
newtention.net^newtention
newtention.de^newtention
mythings.com^myThings
nedstatbasic.net^motigo
media.net^media.net
mashero.com^mashero
m6d.com^m6d
kikin.com^kikin
ismatlab.com^ismatlab.com
iesnare.com^iovation
clickmanage.com^iProspect
iprospect.com^iProspect
ipromote.com^iPromote
iprom.net^iPROM
inner-active.com^inneractive
centraliprom.com^iPROM
ientry.com^iEntry
eyereturn.com^eyeReturn Marketing
eyereturnmarketing.com^eyeReturn Marketing
excitad.com^excitad
ewebse.com^ewebse
sedotracker.com^etracker
engagebdr.com^engage:BDR
ekolay.net^ekolay
hurriyet.com.tr^ekolay
exelator.com^eXelate
extreme-dm.com^eXTReMe digital
extremetracking.com^eXTReMe digital
eproof.com^eProof.com
ebay.it^eBay
ebay.ie^eBay
ebay.fr^eBay
ebay.com.tw^eBay
ebay.com.ph^eBay
ebay.com.my^eBay
ebay.com.hk^eBay
ebay.cn^eBay
ebay.ba^eBay
voicefive.com^comScore
proximic.com^comScore
proxilinks.com^comScore
comscore.com^comScore
emediate.dk^cXense
emediate.biz^cXense
c1exchange.com^c1exchange
adbutler.de^belboon
advombat.ru^aidata
affili.net^affilinet
adzly.com^adzly
adyard.de^adyard
adscale.de^adscale
adnologies.com^adnologies
aprecision.net^adPrecision
adprs.net^adPrecision
adbrite.com^adBrite
ad6media.fr^ad6media
adpepper.us^ad pepper media
adpepper.com^ad pepper media
zymerget.faith^a.js
vistrac.com^vistrac
flightzy.win^a.js
flightzy.date^a.js
flightsy.bid^a.js
anybest.site^a.js
alflying.win^a.js
zypmedia.com^ZypMedia
zumobi.com^Zumobi
zestad.com^ZestAd
ze-fir.com^Zefir
metricsdirect.com^Zango
zincx.com^ZEDO
zedo.com^ZEDO
yume.com^YuMe
yieldmo.com^Yieldmo
yieldlab.net^Yieldlab
ybx.io^YieldBids
yieldads.com^YieldAds
yesads.com^Yes Ads
yhmg.com^YellowHammer
brightcom.com^Ybrant Digital
addynamix.com^Ybrant Digital
yandex.ua^Yandex
yandex.st^Yandex
yandex.ru^Yandex
api-maps.yandex.ru^Yandex
yabuka.com^Yabuka
media6degrees.com^m6d
y-track.com^YSance
ysance.com^YSance
ydworld.com^YD
admanager-xertive.com^Xertive Media
wysistat.com^Wysistat
woopra-ns.com^Woopra
successfultogether.co.uk^affilinet
wishabi.net^Wishabi
flipp.com^Wishabi
dep-x.com^WideOrbit
wideorbit.com^WideOrbit
zetaemailsolutions.com^Zeta Email Solutions
adzmath.com^White Ops
webtrendslive.com^Webtrends
reinvigorate.net^Webtrends
madvertise.com^madvertise
webtrekk.net^Webtrekk
webtrekk.com^Webtrekk
webtraffic.no^Webtraffic
websitealive5.com^WebsiteAlive
websitealive3.com^WebsiteAlive
websitealive1.com^WebsiteAlive
websitealive0.com^WebsiteAlive
weborama.fr^Weborama
weborama.com^Weborama
webmining.co^Webmining
webminepool.com^WebminePool
goutee.top^WebediaGroup
revanadigital.com^WebMetro
www.webads.co.uk^WebAds
feedperfect.com^Web.com
webtraxs.com^Web Traxs
wahoha.com^Wahoha
xaxis.com^WPP
wpp.com^WPP
themig.com^WPP
motigo.com^motigo
realmedia.com^WPP
pm14.com^WPP
groupm.com^WPP
decideinteractive.com^WPP
acceleratorusa.com^WPP
compete.com^WPP
vuble.tv^Vuble
voice2page.com^Voice2Page
vizisense.net^ViziSense
yellowhammermg.com^YellowHammer
vizisense.com^ViziSense
visualdna.com^VisualDNA
vdna-assets.com^VisualDNA
visbrands.com^VisibleBrands
viewablemedia.net^Visible Measures
visiblemeasures.com^Visible Measures
sa-as.com^VisiStat
d.kickfire.com^VisiStat
vimeocdn.com^Vimeo
viglink.com^VigLink
videologygroup.com^Videology
vibrantmedia.com^Vibrant Media
verticalhealth.com^VerticalHealth
theboombox.com^Verizon Media
techcrunch.com^Verizon Media
stylelist.com^Verizon Media
pawnation.com^Verizon Media
noisecreep.com^Verizon Media
mandatory.com^Verizon Media
huffingtonpost.com^Verizon Media
engadget.com^Verizon Media
dailyfinance.com^Verizon Media
cambio.com^Verizon Media
aoltechguru.com^Verizon Media
zenfs.com^Verizon Media
yieldmanager.net^Verizon Media
yahooapis.jp^Verizon Media
xplosion.de^xplosion interactive
tumblr.com^Verizon Media
rocketmail.com^Verizon Media
yahoostudios.com^Verizon Media
rightmedia.com^Verizon Media
interclick.com^Verizon Media
dapper.net^Verizon Media
adrevolver.com^Verizon Media
userplane.com^Verizon Media
tacoda.net^Verizon Media
shoutcast.com^Verizon Media
patch.com^Verizon Media
flickr.com^Verizon Media
mapquest.com^Verizon Media
atwola.com^Verizon Media
aolcloud.net^Verizon Media
visualdna-stats.com^VisualDNA
aol.com^Verizon Media
aim.com^Verizon Media
advertising.com^Verizon Media
adtechjp.com^Verizon Media
vemba.com^Vemba
mobclix.com^Velti
veeseo.com^Veeseo
vdopia.com^Vdopia
ivdopia.com^Vdopia
nostringsattached.com^Various
medley.com^Various
aolcdn.com^Verizon Media
getiton.com^Various
vkontakte.ru^VKontakte
vindicosuite.com^VINDICO
v12group.com^V12 Data
uservoice.com^UserVoice
webiqonline.com^Usability Sciences
usabilitysciences.com^Usability Sciences
trackalyzer.com^Upland
uplandsoftware.com^Upland
unruly.co^Unruly
wanmo.com^UniQlick
undertonevideo.com^Undertone
undertone.com^Undertone
underdogmedia.com^Underdog Media
unbounce.com^Unbounce
www.unanimis.co.uk^Unanimis
unanimis.co.uk^Unanimis
umbel.com^Umbel
ubermedia.com^UberMedia
tweetup.com^UberMedia
aidata.io^aidata
tyroo.com^Tyroo
twyn-group.com^Twyn Group
twittercounter.com^Twitter Counter
twitter.jp^Twitter
twimg.com^Twitter
fabric.io^Twitter
buzzlogic.com^Twelvefold
turnto.com^TurnTo
turntonetworks.com^TurnTo
tubemogul.com^TubeMogul
tmogul.com^TubeMogul
adlegend.com^TruEffect
triggit.com^Triggit
tremormedia.com^Tremor Video
tmnetads.com^Tremor Video
traveladnetwork.com^Travora Media
trafmag.com^Trafmag
trafficrevenue.net^TrafficRevenue
traffichouse.com^TrafficHaus
tradetracker.net^TradeTracker
tradetracker.com^TradeTracker
roia.biz^TrackingSoft
tracemyip.org^TraceMyIP.org
touchcommerce.com^TouchCommerce
tonemedia.com^ToneMedia
clickfuse.com^ToneMedia
tisoomi.com^Tisoomi
adternal.com^Tisoomi
tiqiq.com^TiqIQ
adserverplus.com^Ybrant Digital
tinder.com^Tinder
carbonads.com^Tinder
thummit.com^Thummit
thismoment.com^Thismoment
timesofindia.com^TheTimesGroup
indiatimes.com^TheTimesGroup
thesearchagency.com^The Search Agency
vindicogroup.com^VINDICO
thenumagroup.com^The Numa Group
uptrends.com^Uptrends
hittail.com^The Numa Group
marinsm.com^The Heron Partnership
terra.com.br^Terra
eztargetmedia.com^Terra
telstra.com.au^Telstra
verticalhealth.net^VerticalHealth
sensisdigitalmedia.com.au^Telstra
sensisdata.com.au^Telstra
sensis.com.au^Telstra
tellapt.com^TellApart
adxpose.com^comScore
tellapart.com^TellApart
technoratimedia.com^Technorati
technorati.com^Technorati
techsolutions.com.tw^TechSolutions
tealium.com^Tealium
tchibo.de^Tchibo
quicknoodles.com^Tatto Media
tattomedia.com^Tatto Media
tapgage.com^Tapgage
freeskreen.com^Taleria
tailsweep.com^Tailsweep
taboola.com^Taboola
tns-counter.ru^TNS
sesamestats.com^TNS
tlvmedia.com^TLVMedia
adotsolution.com^Syrup Ad
clickable.net^Syncapse
synacor.com^Synacor
factortg.com^SymphonyAM
switchconcepts.com^Switch
switchads.com^Switch
switchadhub.com^Switch
swiftmining.win^SwiftMining
survata.com^Survata
trackset.com^Trackset
supersonicads.com^SupersonicAds
sunmedia.tv^Sunmedia
suite66.com^Suite 66
mediabong.com^Vuble
stumble-upon.com^StumbleUpon
stumbleupon.com^StumbleUpon
struq.com^Struq
popularmedia.com^StrongMail
stripe.network^Stripe
stratigent.com^Stratigent
storeland.ru^Storeland
stat-track.com^StackTrack
springmetrics.com^Spring Metrics
spotxcdn.com^SpotXchange
ayads.co^Sublime Skinz
spotxchange.com^SpotXchange
syncapse.com^Syncapse
sponsorads.de^SponsorAds
spongecell.com^Spongecell
spongegroup.com^Sponge
specificclick.net^Specific Media
adviva.net^Specific Media
traversedata.com^Traverse
sparklit.com^Sparklit
sparkstudios.com^Spark Studios
sparechange.io^SpareChange
sortable.com^Sortable
sublime.xyz^Sublime Skinz
sonobi.com^Sonobi
springserve.com^SpringServe
somoaudience.com^SomoAudience
appssavvy.com^appssavvy
affilinet-inside.de^affilinet
ratevoice.com^SocialInterface
halogennetwork.com^SocialChorus
snplow.net^SnowplowAnalytics
snowplowanalytics.com^SnowplowAnalytics
anormal-media.de^anormal-media.de
valuead.com^Value Ad
snap.com^Snap
socialtwist.com^SocialTwist
smowtion.com^Smowtion
smileymedia.com^Smiley Media
smartlook.com^Smartlook
smaato.com^Smaato
skupenet.com^Skupe Net
adcentriconline.com^Skupe Net
sixapart.com^Six Apart
movabletype.com^Six Apart
sitescout.com^SiteScout
vtrenz.net^Silverpop
mkt51.net^Silverpop
shorte.st^Shortest
twitter.com^Twitter
shopzilla.com^Shopzilla
tnsglobal.com^TNS
shareaholic.com^Shareaholic
sharethis.com^ShareThis
shareasale.com^ShareASale
trustx.org^TrustX
libertystmedia.com^ShaftTraffic
service4refresh.info^Service4refresh
tidaltv.com^Videology
sendpulse.com^SendPulse
semasio.net^Semasio
semasio.com^Semasio
nabbr.com^Selectable Media
selectablemedia.com^Selectable Media
segment.io^Segment.io
nurago.de^nurago
moikrug.ru^Yandex
syndigonetworks.com^Seevast
seevolution.com^SeeVolution
searchforce.net^SearchForce
searchforce.com^SearchForce
yieldivision.com^YD
scribol.com^Scribol
mindshare.nl^WPP
scribefire.com^ScribeFire
sapient.com^Sapient
skimresources.com^Skimlinks
bridgetrack.com^Sapient
shinobi.jp^Samurai Factory
samurai-factory.jp^Samurai Factory
plugin.management^Salesintelligence
statcounter.com^StatCounter
salesintelligence.pl^Salesintelligence
trailblazer.me^Salesforce.com
salesforceliveagent.com^Salesforce.com
forceusercontent.com^Salesforce.com
force.com^Salesforce.com
emediate.com^cXense
documentforce.com^Salesforce.com
sageanalyst.net^SageMetrics
webtrends.com^Webtrends
sagemetrics.com^SageMetrics
questionmarket.com^Safecount
dl-rms.com^Safecount
safecount.net^Safecount
sabrehospitality.com^Sabre
sabre.com^Sabre
videoegg.com^SAY
sas.com^SAS
seewhy.com^SAP
isocket.com^RubiconProject
rubiconproject.com^RubiconProject
staticstuff.net^Roxr
roxr.net^Roxr
rovion.com^Rovion
rollick.io^Rollick
ru4.com^Rocket Fuel
rocketfuel.com^Rocket Fuel
ewaydirect.com^eWayDirect
www.trovus.co.uk^Trovus
rfihub.com^Rocket Fuel
rightaction.com^RightAction
richrelevance.com^RichRelevance
richaudience.com^RichAudience
3lift.com^TripleLift
rhythmxchange.com^Rhythm
rhythmone.com^Rhythm
swoop.com^Swoop
revenuemax.de^RevenueMax
statisfy.net^Statisfy
blvdstatus.com^Retirement Living
wiredminds.de^WiredMinds
retailautomata.com^Retail Automata
dstillery.com^m6d
resonateinsights.com^Resonate
resolutionmedia.com^Resolution Media
researchnow.com^Research Now
reporo.com^Reporo
renegadeinternet.com^Renegade Internet
relevad.com^Relevad
relestar.com^Relevad
reklamz.com^Reklamz
reklamport.com^Reklamport
reklamstore.com^Reklam Store
convertglobal.com^Rekko
reduxmedia.com^Redux Media
react2media.com^React2Media
rlcdn.net^ReachLocal
rambler.ru^Rambler
decdna.net^WPP
radiusmarketing.com^Radius Marketing
gwallet.com^RadiumOne
solesolution.com^Radiate Media
matchbin.com^Radiate Media
yumenetworks.com^YuMe
gtnetwork.com.au^Radiate Media
gsimedia.net^Radial
radial.com^Radial
radarurl.com^RadarURL
rmbn.ru^RMBN
rmbn.net^RMBN
traforet.com^RMBN
scoreloop.com^RIM
global.blackberry.com^RIM
teadma.com^Teadma
quintelligence.com^Quintelligence
thecounter.com^QuinStreet
qsstats.com^QuinStreet
typepad.com^SAY
qnsr.com^QuinStreet
quantum-advertising.com^QuantumAdvertising
kissinsights.com^Qualaroo
xmladed.com^QUISMA
revcontent.com^RevContent
quismatch.com^QUISMA
semantiqo.com^Semantiqo
pulsepoint.com^PulsePoint
pch.com^Publishers Clearing House
quakemarketing.com^Quake Marketing
pubmatic.com^PubMatic
psonstrentie.info^Psonstrentie
protected.media^Protected Media
propellerads.com^Propeller Ads
sitegainer.com^Symplify
projectwonderful.com^Project Wonderful
proclivitysystems.com^Proclivity
primis.tech^Primis
urtbk.com^Prime Visibility
sdfje.com^Prime Visibility
popcde.com^Prime Visibility
snapengage.com^SnapEngage
cpvtgt.com^Prime Visibility
bannertgt.com^Prime Visibility
adonnetwork.com^Prime Visibility
xertivemedia.com^Xertive Media
traversedlp.com^Traverse
addlvr.com^Prime Visibility
adcde.com^Prime Visibility
primevisibility.com^Prime Visibility
blogads.com^Pressflex
precisionclick.com^PrecisionClick
laptopverge.com^RIM
powerlinks.com^Powerlinks
popunder.ru^Popunder.ru
poprule.com^PopRule
www.summit.co.uk^Summit
popadscdn.net^PopAds
intellitxt.com^Vibrant Media
popads.net^PopAds
yieldlab.de^Yieldlab
poool.fr^Poool
polarmobile.com^Polar Mobile
pocketcents.com^PocketCents
pixlee.com^Pixlee
pixanalytics.com^PixAnalytics
piwik.org^Piwik
reachlocal.com^ReachLocal
pinterest.pt^Pinterest
pinterest.jp^Pinterest
wiredminds.com^WiredMinds
pinterest.ie^Pinterest
pinterest.fr^Pinterest
pinterest.es^Pinterest
pinterest.de^Pinterest
pinterest.com.mx^Pinterest
pinterest.co.uk^Pinterest
thesearchagency.net^The Search Agency
pinterest.co.kr^Pinterest
pinterest.ch^Pinterest
pinterest.com^Pinterest
pictela.net^Pictela
pictela.com^Pictela
dianomi.com^dianomi
persianstat.com^PersianStat.com
cpvfeed.com^Prime Visibility
perimeterx.com^PerimeterX
yieldbot.com^YieldBot
performancing.com^Performancing
peerius.com^Peerius
attracto.com^YellowHammer
peerfly.com^PeerFly
peer39.net^Peer39
pbbl.co^PebblePost
simility.com^Paypal
paypal.com^Paypal
parsely.com^Parse.ly
visualwebsiteoptimizer.com^Wingify
pardot.com^Pardot
papayamobile.com^Papaya
visualforce.com^Salesforce.com
pagefair.com^PageFair
emediate.eu^cXense
trumba.com^Trumba
ppcprotect.com^PPCProtect
www.platform-one.co.jp^PLATFORM ONE
bizmey.com^Tapgage
platform-one.co.jp^PLATFORM ONE
oxamedia.com^OxaMedia
dsnextgen.com^Oversee.net
sphere.com^Outbrain
outbrain.com^Outbrain
trafficscore.com^TrafficScore
otracking.com^OrangeSoda
dashboardad.net^Prime Visibility
orangesoda.com^OrangeSoda
cxense.com^cXense
istrack.com^Oracle
atgsvcs.com^Oracle
optinmonster.com^OptinMonster
surphace.com^Verizon Media
shafttraffic.com^ShaftTraffic
clicky.com^Roxr
optimumresponse.com^OptimumResponse
nprove.com^Optimal
cpmatic.com^Optimal
scanscout.com^Tremor Video
cpmadvisors.com^Optimal
vserv.com^Vserv
optmd.com^OptMD
yieldify.com^Yieldify
opolen.com.br^Opolen
mobiletheory.com^Opera
opera.com^Opera
openstat.ru^Openstat
trovus.co.uk^Trovus
openstat.com^Openstat
servedbyopenx.com^OpenX
pressflex.com^Pressflex
openxenterprise.com^OpenX
openx.com^OpenX
onm.de^Open New Media
oo4.com^Ooyala
online-metrix.net^OnlineMetrix
oneupweb.com^Oneupweb
onevision.com.tw^OneAd
guoshipartners.com^OneAd
nakanohito.jp^User Local
onead.com.tw^OneAd
spectate.com^Spectate
itsoneiota.com^One iota
p-td.com^Omnicom Group
omnicomgroup.com^Omnicom Group
accuenmedia.com^Omnicom Group
digits.com^Twitter
pinterest.dk^Pinterest
ohanaqb.com^Ohana Media
anormal-tracker.de^anormal-media.de
adohana.com^Ohana Media
observerapp.com^Observer
blaze.com^Oberon Media
cams.com^Streamray
iwin.com^Oberon Media
singlefeed.com^Vendio
p-advg.com^OPT
opt.ne.jp^OPT
ebay.com^eBay
www.opt.ne.jp^OPT
www.nuffnang.com.my^Nuffnang
nuffnang.com.my^Nuffnang
nowspots.com^NowSpots
truste.com^TRUSTe
virgul.com^Nokta
ninua.com^Ninua
nielsen.com^Nielsen
imrworldwide.net^Nielsen
imrworldwide.com^Nielsen
nxtck.com^NextPerformance
nextperformance.com^NextPerformance
nextperf.com^NextPerformance
sitestat.com^comScore
nexage.com^Nexage
newsright.com^NewsRight
apnewsregistry.com^NewsRight
sensic.net^nurago
nr-data.net^New Relic
sputnik.ru^Sputnik.ru
newrelic.com^New Relic
home.neustar^Neustar
neustar.biz^Neustar
adadvisor.net^Neustar
netshelter.net^NetShelter
prismapp.io^PrismApp
netshelter.com^NetShelter
rutarget.ru^RuTarget
ziffdavistech.com^NetShelter
netseer.com^NetSeer
adelixir.com^NetElixir
netaffiliation.com^NetAffiliation
net-results.com^Net-Results
netapplications.com^Net Applications
nhsrv.cf^NeroHut
nerohut.com^NeroHut
negishim.org^Negishim
navegg.com^Navegg
navdmp.com^Navegg
postrelease.com^Nativo
narrative.io^Narrative
newsinc.com^NDN
estat.com^MÃ©diamÃ©trie-eStat
mediametrie-estat.com^MÃ©diamÃ©trie-eStat
i-behavior.com^iBehavior
mywebgrocer.com^MyWebGrocer
clickhype.com^YellowHammer
mycounter.com.ua^MyCounter
multiplestreammktg.com^Multiple Stream Media
adclickmedia.com^Multiple Stream Media
movielush.com^MovieLush.com
moolahmedia.com^Moolah Media
moolah-media.com^Moolah Media
monoloop.com^Monoloop
monitus.net^Monitus
mongoosemetrics.com^Mongoose Metrics
iprom.si^iPROM
monetate.com^Monetate
moceanmobile.com^Mocean Mobile
rundsp.com^RunAds
mobileadtrading.com^MobileAdTrading
admoda.com^MobVision
mobfox.com^MobFox
pronunciator.com^Pronunciator
moatads.com^Moat
vidible.tv^Verizon Media
optimizely.com^Optimizely
moat.com^Moat
rhythmnewmedia.com^Rhythm
mopub.com^MoPub
mixpanel.com^Mixpanel
yoc.com^YOC
sslverify.info^Minescripts
minescripts.info^Minescripts
yololike.space^MinerAlt
vidzi.tv^MinerAlt
tulip18.com^MinerAlt
kanoodle.com^Seevast
tercabilis.info^MinerAlt
pampopholf.com^MinerAlt
iperceptions.com^iPerceptions
istlandoll.com^MinerAlt
gramombird.com^MinerAlt
besstahete.info^MinerAlt
aster18cdn.nl^MinerAlt
mineralt.io^MinerAlt
mindset-media.com^Mindset Media
decktrade.com^Millennial Media
zaparena.com^zapunited
visualrevenue.com^Outbrain
yammer.com^Microsoft
xbox.com^Microsoft
wunderlist.com^Microsoft
worldwidetelescope.org^Microsoft
windowsphone.com^Microsoft
mixpo.com^Mixpo
visualstudio.com^Microsoft
staffhub.ms^Microsoft
skypeforbusiness.com^Microsoft
sfx.ms^Microsoft
outlookmobile.com^Microsoft
onedrive.com^Microsoft
strikead.com^StrikeAd
office365.com^Microsoft
o365weve.com^Microsoft
cdn-sitegainer.com^Symplify
adsbyisocket.com^RubiconProject
msnprod.oberon-media.com^Microsoft
alflying.date^a.js
wysistat.net^Wysistat
optnmstr.com^OptinMonster
msn.cn^Microsoft
msftidentity.com^Microsoft
msft.net^Microsoft
msappproxy.net^Microsoft
microsoftedgeinsider.com^Microsoft
hockeyapp.net^Microsoft
azurerms.com^Microsoft
azure.net^Microsoft
aka.ms^Microsoft
yammerusercontent.com^Microsoft
windowsazure.com^Microsoft
windows.net^Microsoft
addgloo.com^addGloo
sway-extensions.com^Microsoft
skype.com^Microsoft
sfbassets.com^Microsoft
roiservice.com^Microsoft
onmicrosoft.com^Microsoft
onestore.ms^Microsoft
onenote.net^Microsoft
office.com^Microsoft
v12data.com^V12 Data
oaspapps.com^Microsoft
msocdn.com^Microsoft
msndirect.com^Microsoft
msecnd.net^Microsoft
microsoftonline.com^Microsoft
verticalacuity.com^Vertical Acuity
microsoftazuread-sso.com^Microsoft
microsoft.com^Microsoft
healthvault.com^Microsoft
gfx.ms^Microsoft
microsoftalumni.org^Microsoft
getgamesmart.com^Microsoft
gamesforwindows.com^Microsoft
predictad.com^PredictAd
bing.com^Microsoft
aspnetcdn.com^Microsoft
aquantive.com^Microsoft
adbureau.net^Microsoft
scandinavianadnetworks.com^Scandinavian AdNetworks
www.microad.jp^MicroAd
orbengine.com^Optimal
microad.jp^MicroAd
customerconversio.com^MetrixLab
adoftheyear.com^MetrixLab
meteorsolutions.com^Meteor
metanetwork.com^Meta Network
lightning.com^Salesforce.com
rkdms.com^Merkle
merkleinc.com^Merkle
merchenta.com^Merchenta
mercent.com^Mercent
runads.com^RunAds
mercadolibre.com.ve^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.sv^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.pe^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.ni^Mercadopago
gsicommerce.com^Radial
mercadolibre.com.hn^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.gt^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.co^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.bo^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.com.ar^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.co.cr^Mercadopago
mercadolibre.cl^Mercadopago
meebocdn.net^Meebo
undertonenetworks.com^Undertone
meebo.com^Meebo
medicxmedia.com^Medicx Media Solutions
mediaocean.com^Mediaocean
medialets.com^Medialets
mathtag.com^MediaMath
statsit.com^STATSIT
gmail.com^Google
mediamath.com^MediaMath
webtrackingservices.com^Web Tracking Services
mcafeesecure.com^McAfee
spacechimpmedia.com^Space Chimp Media
maxmind.com^MaxMind
xa.net^Optimal
cya2.net^Cya2
mediabrix.com^MediaBrix
mb01.com^MaxBounty
xtendmedia.com^Matomy
matomymarket.com^Matomy
chemistry.com^Match.com
adtelligent.com^AdTelligent
martiniadnetwork.com^Martini Media
marktest.pt^Marktest
clicktale.com^ClickTale
wsod.com^Markit
dt07.net^MarketGid
yandex.com.tr^Yandex
socital.com^Socital
manifest.ru^Manifest
yadro.ru^LiveInternet
marketo.net^Marketo
affinesystems.com^Affine
mailchi.mp^MailChimp
ebay.in^eBay
dialogmgr.com^Magnify360
gmo-ap.jp^GMO
qjex.net^Magnetic
mindshareworld.com^WPP
google.gm^Google
domdex.com^Magnetic
adsrevenue.net^Adsrevenue.net
madisonlogic.com^Madison Logic
oberon-media.com^Oberon Media
dinclinx.com^Madison Logic
mundomedia.com^MUNDO Media
google.bg^Google
markit.com^Markit
am.ua^AUTOCENTRE.UA
mts.ru^MTS
adthink.com^Adthink
mediatrust.com^MediaTrust
cpalead.com^MONETIZEdigital
aurea.com^Lyris
cognitivematch.com^Cognitive Match
lucidmedia.com^LucidMedia
lotame.com^Lotame
postrank.com^Google
lotlinx.com^LotLinx
loopme.com^LoopMe
loomia.com^Loomia
usemax.de^Emego
didit.com^Didit
jwplayer.com^LongTail Video
lockerz.com^Lockerz
zango.com^Zango
yuilibrary.com^Verizon Media
liveramp.com^LiveRamp
liverail.com^LiveRail
nuconomy.com^LivePerson
liveperson.net^LivePerson
proximic.net^comScore
horyzon-media.com^Horyzon Media
liveinternet.ru^LiveInternet
liadm.com^LiveIntent
websitealive9.com^WebsiteAlive
list.ru^Mail.Ru
linkedin.com^LinkedIn
lexosmedia.com^Lexos Media
mxpnl.com^Mixpanel
levexis.com^Levexis
legolas-media.com^Legolas Media
adside.com^AdSide
leadformix.com^LeadFormix
leadforce1.com^LeadFormix
leadbolt.com^LeadBolt
sophus3.com^sophus3
markmonitor.com^MarkMonitor
layer-ad.org^Layer-Ad.org
ibsys.com^Lakana
ebay.de^eBay
po.st^Po.st
lakana.com^Lakana
theboot.com^Verizon Media
lkqd.com^LKQD
mercadolibre.com.py^Mercadopago
krxd.net^Krux
kruxdigital.com^Krux
google.com.eg^Google
gmossp-sp.jp^GMO
krux.com^Krux
socialinterface.com^SocialInterface
adsummos.com^Korrelate
scupio.com^Bridgewell
aboutecho.com^Echo
kontera.com^Kontera
sabavision.com^Sabavision
k-analytix.com^Konduto
networkedblogs.com^Ninua
komli.com^Komli
admost.com^Kokteyl
dsmmadvantage.com^WebMetro
demdex.net^Adobe
leanplum.com^LeanPlum
pagefair.net^PageFair
mercadopago.com^Mercadopago
kitcode.net^Kitcode
hi-media.com^Hi-media
keymetric.net^KeyMetric
kargo.com^Kargo
oversee.net^Oversee.net
peerset.com^KIT digital
keewurd.com^KIT digital
augur.io^Augur
marketgid.com^MarketGid
jumptap.com^Jumptap
vertamedia.com^AdTelligent
media-servers.net^MediaShakers
google.gf^Google
juicyads.com^JuicyAds
officelive.com^Microsoft
jobthread.com^JobThread
onestat.com^OneStat
dailyme.com^DailyMe
jirbo.com^Jirbo
junglee.com^Amazon.com
adcolony.com^Jirbo
webmine.cz^Webmine
google.rw^Google
jink.de^Jink
nspmotion.com^Admotion
hostingcloud.racing^JSE
hashing.win^JSE
doublepimp.com^DoublePimp
freecontent.date^JSE
adverticum.com^Adverticum
gaug.es^GitHub
fg8dgt.com^IponWeb
investingchannel.com^InvestingChannel
im-apps.net^IntimateMerger
atrinsic.com^Atrinsic
103092804.com^Kitara Media
belicimo.pw^MinerAlt
intimatemerger.com^IntimateMerger
intermundomedia.com^Intermundo Media
lowermybills.com^Lower My Bills
intentmedia.com^Intent Media
primawebtools.de^anormal-media.de
leadchampion.com^IntelligenceFocus
domodomain.com^IntelligenceFocus
intelligencefocus.com^IntelligenceFocus
cbsinteractive.com^CBS Interactive
adsafeprotected.com^Integral Ad Science
instinctiveads.com^Instinctive
instinctive.io^Instinctive
trafficfacts.com^Go Daddy
infostars.ru^InfoStars
specificmedia.com^Specific Media
hotlog.ru^InfoStars
inflectionpointmedia.com^Inflection Point Media
impressiondesk.com^Infectious Media
enquisite.com^InboundWriter
google.so^Google
admeld.com^Google
gunggo.com^Gunggo
inadcoads.com^Inadco
anadcoads.com^Inadco
inskinmedia.com^InSkin Media
mookie1.com^WPP
improvedigital.com^Improve Digital
zapunited.com^zapunited
web.com^Web.com
idgtechnetwork.com^IDG
match.com^Match.com
adality.de^Adality
360yield.com^Improve Digital
vresp.com^VerticalResponse
att.com^AT&T
clickinc.com^ClickInc
searchignite.com^IgnitionOne
yimg.com^Verizon Media
rakutenmarketing.com^LinkShare
ignitionone.net^IgnitionOne
ignitionone.com^IgnitionOne
gtop.ro^GTop
google.td^Google
ignitad.com^IgnitAd
google.gp^Google
ltassrv.com^LongTail Video
luminate.com^Verizon Media
infonline.de^INFOnline
id5-sync.com^ID5
mdadx.com^DG
multicloud-ibm.com^IBM
xtify.com^IBM
coremetrics.com^IBM
cmcore.com^IBM
rmmonline.com^RMM
assets-yammer.com^Microsoft
ibm.com^IBM
iac.com^IAC
act-on.com^Act-On
iabtechlab.com^IAB
hs-analytics.net^HubSpot
hubspot.com^HubSpot
campaign-archive1.com^MailChimp
lytiks.com^Lytiks
microsoftonline-p.com^Microsoft
hotelchamp.com^HotelChamp
itisatracker.com^ItIsATracker
inq.com^TouchCommerce
shoporielder.pro^HilltopAds
hilltopads.net^HilltopAds
sharethrough.com^Sharethrough
free-pagerank.com^Free-PageRank.com
hilltopads.com^HilltopAds
retargeter.com^ReTargeter
infernotions.com^Infernotions
himediagroup.com^Hi-media
sptag2.com^Hearst
flurry.com^Verizon Media
xaded.com^QUISMA
longtailvideo.com^LongTail Video
sptag1.com^Hearst
ebay.ch^eBay
sptag.com^Hearst
iclive.com^Hearst
ic-live.com^Hearst
pinterest.nz^Pinterest
hearst.com^Hearst
yadi.sk^Yandex
healthpricer.com^HealthPricer
adjuggler.net^AdJuggler
lifestreetmedia.com^LifeStreet
betssonpalantir.com^BetssonPalantir
contentabc.com^ContentABC
did-it.com^Didit
adacado.com^HealthPricer
advg.jp^OPT
harrenmedianetwork.com^Harrenmedia
harrenmedia.com^Harrenmedia
expo-max.com^expo-MAX
unrulymedia.com^Unruly
microsoftalumni.com^Microsoft
www.hands.com.br^Hands Mobile
trueffect.com^TruEffect
hands.com.br^Hands Mobile
reson8.com^Resonate
google.ad^Google
webmine.pro^CryptoLoot
opentext.com^HP
hp.com^HP
gumgum.com^GumGum
ligatus.com^Gruner + Jahr
sweeterge.info^Mystighty
gridcash.net^Gridcash
grvcdn.com^Gravity
gravity.com^Gravity
atoomic.com^Atoomic.com
adscoremarketing.com^AdScore
graphinium.com^Graphnium
msn.com^Microsoft
hurra.com^Hurra.com
venatusmedia.com^Venatus Media
pinpoint-dot-chromeperf.appspot.com^Google
brandscreen.com^Brandscreen
panoramio.com^Google
nest.com^Google
google.cl^Google
ingress.com^Google
whiskyandwines.com^Arkwrights Homebrew
google-melange.com^Google
ebay.pl^eBay
chromestatus.com^Google
blogspot.com^Google
mercadolibre.com^Mercadopago
ivwbox.de^INFOnline
youtube.com^Google
ebay.nl^eBay
magnetic.com^Magnetic
gstatic.com^Google
adsty.com^Adsty
googlesyndication.com^Google
amazon.com.sg^Amazon.com
lfstmedia.com^LifeStreet
sophus3.co.uk^sophus3
megaindex.ru^MegaIndex
googlemail.com^Google
maxymiser.com^Oracle
googleapis.com^Google
googleadservices.com^Google
stripe.com^Stripe
google.vg^Google
google.to^Google
google.tl^Google
msedge.net^Microsoft
google.sm^Google
google.si^Google
justuno.com^justuno
pinterest.at^Pinterest
google.rs^Google
sap.com^SAP
google.ro^Google
optimost.com^HP
google.pn^Google
google.nr^Google
google.dz^Google
google.no^Google
turn.com^Amobee
google.nl^Google
hotmart.com^HotMart
ebay.co.kr^eBay
google.ne^Google
ppjol.net^MyPressPlus
google.mv^Google
google.mu^Google
google.ms^Google
google.mn^Google
google.mg^Google
google.lv^Google
google.lk^Google
google.li^Google
google.la^Google
google.co.jp^Google
google.kz^Google
contentwidgets.net^Wahoha
integralads.com^Integral Ad Science
skimlinks.com^Skimlinks
qualaroo.com^Qualaroo
google.ki^Google
google.jo^Google
google.it^Google
google.is^Google
optimatic.com^Matomy
google.io^Google
google.ie^Google
google.ht^Google
crm-metrix.com^MetrixLab
google.hn^Google
luckyorange.net^LuckyOrange
google.gl^Google
amazon.in^Amazon.com
google.fm^Google
trackingsoft.com^TrackingSoft
datalogix.com^Datalogix
google.es^Google
etracker.com^etracker
google.dm^Google
adzerk.com^Adzerk
google.de^Google
google.cv^Google
sojern.com^Sojern
3dstats.com^AddFreeStats
linezing.com^LineZing
rim.com^RIM
piximedia.com^Piximedia
google.com.uy^Google
mythingsmedia.com^myThings
hitsprocessor.com^Net Applications
jemmgroup.com^Jemm
google.ae^Google
google.com.sv^Google
idg.com^IDG
atedra.com^Atedra
guj.de^Gruner + Jahr
google.se^Google
vizury.com^Vizury
google.com.sl^Google
google.com.sb^Google
google.com.sa^Google
google.com.qa^Google
admatrix.jp^AdMatrix
google.com.py^Google
pages05.net^Silverpop
google.com.pr^Google
streamray.com^Streamray
minexmr.stream^MineXMR
adforgeinc.com^Adforge
google.com.ph^Google
nexac.com^Datalogix
iacadvertising.com^IAC
flightsy.win^a.js
ringier.cz^Ringier
google.com.pg^Google
zymerget.bid^a.js
infogroup.com^Infogroup
whiteops.com^White Ops
steelhousemedia.com^SteelHouse
peer39.com^Peer39
google.com.pa^Google
google.com.om^Google
digitalremedy.com^AdReady
onetruefan.com^BigDoor
clearsightinteractive.com^ClearSight Interactive
google.com.mt^Google
clicktracks.com^Lyris
lfov.net^LoopFuse
traveladvertising.com^Travora Media
paulstamatiou.com^Skribit
loopfuse.net^LoopFuse
google.com.ly^Google
wayfair.com^Wayfair
rnmd.net^Rhythm
google.com.lb^Google
keywee.co^Keywee
google.com.kw^Google
adtech.de^ADTECH
google.com.kh^Google
adtegrity.net^Adtegrity.com
google.com.jm^Google
marinsoftware.com^The Heron Partnership
forcesslreports.com^Salesforce.com
google.com.ni^Google
google.com.gi^Google
google.ml^Google
google.com.gh^Google
google.com.fj^Google
google.com.et^Google
rlcdn.com^Rapleaf
google.co.nz^Google
google.com.ec^Google
glanceguide.com^Nielsen
hotwords.es^HOTWords
google.dk^Google
google.com.cu^Google
proclivitymedia.com^Proclivity
google.com.co^Google
wunderloop.net^AudienceScience
google.com.bz^Google
google.com.br^Google
google.com.ar^Google
heias.com^adnologies
adiant.com^Adiant
google.com.ai^Google
quinstreet.com^QuinStreet
marchex.com^Marchex
nativeads.com^NativeAds
adnetinteractive.com^Matomy
lynchpin.com^Lynchpin
google.com.ag^Google
hotwords.com^HOTWords
google.com^Google
google.co.zw^Google
brandcrumb.com^Brandcrumb
google.co.vi^Google
24smi.net^Smi
google.co.ve^Google
google.co.uz^Google
google.co.uk^Google
bttrack.com^Bidtellect
adsafemedia.com^Integral Ad Science
google.co.tz^Google
breaktime.com.tw^BreakTime
google.co.mz^Google
prometheusintelligencetechnology.com^PrometheusIntelligenceTechnology
google.co.ma^Google
google.co.ls^Google
dinorslick.icu^MinerAlt
google.co.kr^Google
internetbrands.com^Internet Brands
google.co.in^Google
amazon.it^Amazon.com
convert.com^Convert Insights
google.co.il^Google
targetix.net^Targetix
google.nu^Google
google.co.id^Google
abebooks.com^Amazon.com
google.co.bw^Google
redaril.com^Hearst
google.cn^Google
google.cm^Google
google.sh^Google
airpr.com^Onclusive
gosquared.com^GoSquared
google.ch^Google
google.cg^Google
double-check.com^Frog Sex
etineria.com^Etineria
myads.com^Fox One Stop Media
google.cc^Google
google.ca^Google
google.by^Google
google.bt^Google
google.bs^Google
google.com.tr^Google
google.bf^Google
google.be^Google
google.az^Google
sekindo.com^Primis
comixology.com^Amazon.com
google.as^Google
google.am^Google
mail.ru^Mail.Ru
google-analytics.com^Google
mecglobal.com^WPP
vizu.com^Vizu
abc.xyz^Google
bizographics.com^Bizo
google.com.mx^Google
goldbachgroup.com^Goldbach
recaptcha.net^Google
formalyzer.com^GoGrid
datapipe.com^GoGrid
agkn.com^AK
godatafeed.com^GoDataFeed
godaddy.com^Go Daddy
sedotracker.de^etracker
globaltakeoff.net^Global Takeoff
googlevideo.com^Google
globaltakeoff.com^Global Takeoff
acx.com^Amazon.com
jinkads.com^Jink
smartyads.com^SmartyAds
opinmind.com^Adara Media
fraudjs.io^Gleam
liveintent.com^LiveIntent
xcvgdf.party^BigClick
github.com^GitHub
gfkdaphne.com^GfK Group
aidata.me^aidata
affbuzzads.com^MovieLush.com
google.dj^Google
daphnecm.com^GfK Group
websitealive2.com^WebsiteAlive
tremorhub.com^Tremor Video
cptgt.com^Prime Visibility
gfk.com^GfK Group
uniqlick.com^UniQlick
getsitecontrol.com^GetSiteControl
getglue.com^GetGlue
elfie.com^GetGlue
instantservice.com^Oracle
insightexpressai.com^InsightExpress
scanalert.com^McAfee
httpool.com^Httpool
getsatisfaction.com^Get Satisfaction
spotx.tv^SpotX
adatus.com^Adatus
geoads.com^GeoAds
rsvpgenius.com^Genius.com
zaful.com^ZafulAffiliate
genius.com^Genius.com
cj.com^Commission Junction
domdex.net^Magnetic
tremorvideo.com^Tremor Video
yt1187.net^Collective
genesismediaus.com^Genesis Media
gemius.com^Gemius
pointroll.com^Gannett
valueclick.com^ConversantMedia
insightexpress.com^InsightExpress
gamned.com^Gamned
netflame.cc^Digital River
fbsbx.com^Facebook
hostingcloud.science^JSE
tapit.com^TapIt!
inviziads.com^Games2win
games2win.com^Games2win
adecn.com^Microsoft
game-advertising-online.com^Game Advertising Online
arenaweb.ro^GTop
flattr.com^Flattr
reemo-ad.jp^GMO
gismads.jp^GISMAds
provers.pro^Provers
futureplc.com^FuturePlc
gssprt.jp^GENIEE
google.ws^Google
mobilestorm.com^Mobile Storm
www.geniegroupltd.co.uk^GENIE GROUP
mashlogic.com^MashLogic
runadtag.com^AdGear
geniegroupltd.co.uk^GENIE GROUP
directcorp.de^DirectCORP
jsecoin.com^JSE
stargames.net^StarGames
servebom.com^FuturePlc
pinterest.com.au^Pinterest
paymentsmb.com^PaymentsMB
futureads.com^Future Ads
adultmoda.com^Adultmoda
fullstory.com^Fullstory
adconnexa.com^OxaMedia
fuelx.com^FuelX
pop6.com^FriendFinder Networks
ffn.com^FriendFinder Networks
adultfriendfinder.com^FriendFinder Networks
google.cz^Google
sitemeter.com^Specific Media
fwmrm.net^FreeWheel
vimeo.com^Vimeo
theblogfrog.com^BlogFrog
exosrv.com^Exosrv
freeonlineusers.com^Free Online Users
optim.al^Optimal
exponential.com^Exponential Interactive
histats.com^Histats
adify.com^Cox Digital Solutions
blogger.com^Google
bigmir.net^bigmirnet
gemius.pl^Gemius
deltaprojects.se^Delta Projects
foxonestop.com^Fox One Stop Media
feesocrald.com^MinerAlt
foxnetworks.com^Fox One Stop Media
fimserve.com^Fox One Stop Media
mystighty.info^Mystighty
forbes.com^Forbes
600z.com^iEntry
moviefone.com^Verizon Media
brandsideplatform.com^Forbes
oracle.com^Oracle
flytxt.com^Flytxt
fluct.jp^Fluct
ixs1.net^eWayDirect
flite.com^Flite
sitecompass.com^Flashtalking
acquisio.com^Acquisio
fizzbuzzmedia.com^Fizz-Buzz Media
feedjit.com^Feedjit
plista.com^plista
google.mw^Google
fizzbuzzmedia.net^Fizz-Buzz Media
lijit.com^Federated Media
fmpub.net^Federated Media
hyfn.com^Federated Media
fathomseo.com^Fathom
leadforensics.com^LeadForensics
fanplayr.com^Fanplayr
yldbt.com^YieldBot
adroitinteractive.com^MediaMath
csm-secure.com^Clearsearch Media
fxj.com.au^Fairfax Media
fout.jp^FreakOut
rtk.io^rtk
fairfax.com.au^Fairfax Media
adsfac.us^Facilitate Digital
adsfac.sg^Facilitate Digital
thinglink.com^ThingLink
adsfac.net^Facilitate Digital
bn.co^Optimal
google.vu^Google
adsfac.eu^Facilitate Digital
whatsapp.com^Facebook
oculus.com^Facebook
jasperlabs.com^JasperLabs
huntmads.com^HUNT Mobile Ads
internalfb.com^Facebook
messenger.com^Facebook
google.com.nf^Google
fb.com^Facebook
facebook.de^Facebook
facebook.com^Facebook
atdmt.com^Facebook
mailchimp.com^MailChimp
datonics.com^Datonics
iponweb.net^IponWeb
apps.fbsbx.com^Facebook
digbro.com^ISI Technologies
eyeviewads.com^Eyeviewdigital
google.com.hk^Google
eyeviewdigital.com^Eyeviewdigital
www.eyeconomy.co.uk^Eyeconomy
google.ci^Google
answerscloud.com^Foresee
tqlkg.com^Commission Junction
extensionfactory.com^Extension Factory
complexmedianetwork.com^Complex Media
fulltango.com^Exponential Interactive
viewbix.com^Viewbix
revtrax.com^Revtracks
abaxinteractive.com^Abax Interactive
creafi.com^Creafi
groovinads.com^GroovinAds
exoclick.com^ExoClick
evolvemediacorp.com^Evolve
google.ru^Google
evisionsmarketing.com^Evisions Marketing
gannett.com^Gannett
sharepoint-df.com^Microsoft
brightroll.com^BrightRoll
engineseeker.com^Evisions Marketing
yieldbuild.com^YieldBuild
tweetboard.com^Tweetboard
waterfrontmedia.com^Everyday Health
everydayhealth.com^Everyday Health
accelerator-media.com^WPP
sptag3.com^Hearst
vidzi.nu^MinerAlt
efrontier.com^Adobe
adreadypixels.com^CPX Interactive
veruta.com^Evergage
mybuys.com^Evergage
iovation.com^iovation
google.at^Google
evergage.com^Evergage
eulerian.net^Eulerian Technologies
google.tg^Google
eulerian.com^Eulerian Technologies
leadback.com^Verizon Media
vendio.com^Vendio
facilitatedigital.com^Facilitate Digital
adwitserver.com^Etineria
quisma.com^QUISMA
etarget.net^Etarget
advertserve.com^Renegade Internet
logdy.com^Logdy
eskimi.com^Eskimi
gestionpub.com^Actisens
4dsply.com^Adsupply
gostats.com^GoStats
ero-advertising.com^EroAdvertising
iaded.com^QUISMA
industrybrains.com^Marchex
trafficmp.com^Epic Media Group
epicmobileads.com^Epic Media Group
web-stat.com^Web Tracking Services
google.com.bh^Google
epicmarketplace.com^Epic Media Group
cryptaloot.pro^CryptoLoot
epicadvertising.com^Epic Media Group
enginenetwork.com^Engine Network
mercadolibre.com.do^Mercadopago
adxvalue.de^Adxvalue
attracta.com^Attracta
appmetrx.com^Engago Technology
cyberplex.com^Cyberplex
linksynergy.com^LinkShare
enecto.com^Enecto
emerse.com^Emerse
aamapi.com^AuditedMedia
touchclarity.com^Adobe
eleavers.com^Eleavers
mercadolivre.com.br^Mercadopago
encoremetrics.com^Flashtalking
effectivemeasure.net^Effective Measure
google.com.tj^Google
js-kit.com^Echo
amazon.com.br^Amazon.com
graphenedigitalanalytics.in^GrapheneMedia
haloscan.com^Echo
adsonar.com^Verizon Media
adultadworld.com^Adult AdWorld
earnify.com^Earnify
appnexus.com^AppNexus
clearstream.tv^EMX
emxdigital.com^EMX
omniture.com^Adobe
facebook.fr^Facebook
eviltracker.net^EFF
doubleclick.net^Google
yoyo.com^Amazon.com
eff.org^EFF
kokteyl.com^Kokteyl
adventive.com^Adventive
amazon.com.tr^Amazon.com
ecsanalytics.com^ECSAnalytics
dynamicyield.com^DynamicYield
siftscience.com^SiftScience
dynamicoxygen.com^DynamicOxygen
dyntrk.com^DynAdmic
airpush.com^Airpush
dynadmic.com^DynAdmic
ebay.ca^eBay
showmeinn.com^Mobile Meteor
adsymptotic.com^Drawbridge
exitjunction.com^DynamicOxygen
drawbridge.com^Drawbridge
lyris.com^Lyris
buysafe.com^buySAFE
doubleverify.com^DoubleVerify
longboardmedia.com^Longboard Media
bid-tag.com^DoublePositive
distilnetworks.com^DistilNetworks
infolinks.com^Infolinks
directtrack.com^Directtrack
ppctracking.net^Direct Response Group
digitize.ie^Digitize
netconversions.com^Microsoft
impact-ad.jp^DigitalAdConsortium
dac.co.jp^DigitalAdConsortium
lptracker.io^lptracker
glam.com^Glam Media
spot200.com^Spot200
keywordmax.com^Digital River
licdn.com^LinkedIn
twelvefold.com^Twelvefold
lqcdn.com^Developer Media
calliduscloud.com^LeadFormix
graphenemedia.in^GrapheneMedia
admobile.com^Admobile
developermedia.com^Developer Media
crazyegg.com^Crazy Egg
google.com.ng^Google
dp-dhl.com^Deutsche Post DHL
5min.com^Verizon Media
adcloud.net^Deutsche Post DHL
avmws.com^AvantLink
marimedia.net^Marimedia
dpdhl.com^Deutsche Post DHL
nextag.com^Nextag
msidentity.com^Microsoft
google.gr^Google
company-target.com^Demandbase
kitaramedia.com^Kitara Media
zanox.com^zanox
demandbase.com^Demandbase
indieclick.com^Demand Media
demandmedia.com^Demand Media
smrtlnks.com^GetGlue
de17a.com^Delta Projects
instagram.com^Facebook
srtk.net^AKQA
adready.com^AdReady
digitalriver.com^Digital River
disqus.com^Disqus
adaction.se^Delta Projects
velti.com^Velti
azureedge.net^Microsoft
deltaprojects.com^Delta Projects
mydas.mobi^Millennial Media
percentmobile.com^Delivr
eyeconomy.co.uk^Eyeconomy
staticflickr.com^Verizon Media
deepintent.com^Deep Intent
abmr.net^Akamai
pro-market.net^Datonics
salesforce-hub.com^Salesforce.com
itch.io^Itch
lkqd.net^LKQD
bidr.io^Bidr
halogenmediagroup.com^SocialChorus
collective-media.net^Collective
brand.net^Brand.net
clearsearchmedia.com^Clearsearch Media
nextaction.net^Datalogix
clickability.com^Limelight Networks
ib-ibi.com^iBehavior
mexad.com^DataXu
tns-cs.net^TNS
google.al^Google
dataxu.net^DataXu
51network.com^UniQlick
google.co.ke^Google
aroa.io^DatMean
networldmedia.com^BV! MEDIA
newstogram.com^DailyMe
prosperent.com^Prosperent
dada.eu^Dada
mobials.com^Mobials
hitsniffer.com^Hit Sniffer
keyade.com^Keyade
indexexchange.com^IndexExchange
liveperson.com^LivePerson
addthisedge.com^AddThis
iegallery.com^Microsoft
altergeo.ru^AlterGeo
appier.com^Appier
traffiliate.com^DSNR Group
glammedia.com^Glam Media
signifyd.com^Signifyd
dsnrmg.com^DSNR Group
adreadytractions.com^AdReady
adometry.com^Adometry
ds-iq.com^DS-IQ
google.com.vc^Google
convergetrack.com^ConvergeDirect
bloomreach.com^BloomReach
sizmek.com^DG
1q2w3.website^MinerAlt
kissmyads.com^KissMyAds
destinationurl.com^Google
complex.com^Complex Media
scorecardresearch.com^comScore
brainient.com^Brainient
ebay.com.sg^eBay
dgit.com^DG
stormiq.com^DC Storm
grapeshot.co.uk^Grapeshot
dc-storm.com^DC Storm
do-not-tracker.org^EFF
mercadolibre.com.pa^Mercadopago
amazon.co.jp^Amazon.com
clixtell.com^Clixtell
adrolays.de^ContactImpact
ebay.at^eBay
adnetwork.net^AdNetwork.net
ethtrader.de^CryptoWebMiner
inuvo.com^Inuvo
bluekai.com^BlueKai
adspeed.com^AdSpeed
ethpocket.de^CryptoWebMiner
bitcoin-pay.eu^CryptoWebMiner
komli.net^GoGrid
digitalwindow.com^Awin
stickyadstv.com^FreeWheel
gitgrub.pro^CryptoLoot
google.co.cr^Google
adengage.com^AdEngage
flashx.pw^CryptoLoot
analytics.blue^MinerAlt
mercadolibre.com.ec^Mercadopago
extensions.ru^EXTENSIONS.RU
activeconversion.com^ActiveConversion
corp.vix.com^Batanga Network
crypto-loot.com^CryptoLoot
clickfuel.com^ClickFuel
google.co.za^Google
crsspxl.com^Cross Pixel
mobvision.com^MobVision
dotomi.com^ConversantMedia
akamai.com^Akamai
cedato.com^Cedato
criteo.net^Criteo
flightzy.bid^a.js
abebooks.it^Amazon.com
criteo.com^Criteo
tynt.com^33Across
adchemy.com^Adchemy
google.ba^Google
crimtan.com^Crimtan
brealtime.com^EMX
cnzz.com^CNZZ
gmads.net^WPP
novomotus.com^Cox Digital Solutions
mmapiws.com^MaxMind
yellowtracker.com^YellowTracker
auditude.com^Adobe
infectiousmedia.com^Infectious Media
google.sk^Google
reichelcormier.bid^ClickFrog
oggifinogi.com^Collective
adinterax.com^Verizon Media
wholefoodsmarket.com^Amazon.com
crispmedia.com^Crisp Media
coremotives.com^CoreMotives
convertro.com^Convertro
reedge.com^Convert Insights
google.co.ao^Google
zemanta.com^Zemanta
csdata3.com^ClearSaleing
imiclk.com^Akamai
delivr.com^Delivr
stargamesaffiliate.com^StarGames
2o7.net^Adobe
aggregateknowledge.com^AK
valueclickmedia.com^ConversantMedia
mdotlabs.com^comScore
iponweb.com^IponWeb
clicktale.net^ClickTale
mediaplex.com^ConversantMedia
svlu.net^SeeVolution
google.com.my^Google
fastclick.com^ConversantMedia
sodoit.com^Oneupweb
binlayer.com^BinLayer
evolvemediametrics.com^Evolve
stroeer.de^adscale
branch.io^Branch
bluemetrix.com^Bluemetrix
emjcd.com^ConversantMedia
boo-box.com^Boo-Box
dwstat.cn^dwstat.com
buckridge.link^ClickFrog
amazon.ae^Amazon.com
dtmpub.com^ConversantMedia
storygize.net^Storygize
cedexis.net^Cedexis
conversantmedia.com^ConversantMedia
cmadsasia.com^Cognitive Match
df-srv.de^ContactImpact
google.bj^Google
websitealive.com^WebsiteAlive
adabra.com^Adabra
adrolays.com^ContactImpact
apture.com^Google
echosearch.com^Think Realtime
pricegrabber.com^Connexity
connexity.net^Connexity
steelhouse.com^SteelHouse
audienceinsights.net^Adthink
sf14g.com^Upland
adtiger.de^AdTiger
betweendigital.com^BetweenDigital
connexity.com^Connexity
connatix.com^Connatix.com
congoo.com^Congoo
gorillanation.com^Evolve
rekko.com^Rekko
wibiya.com^Conduit
mediashakers.com^MediaShakers
conduit.com^Conduit
coin-hive.com^CoinHive
conduit-services.com^Conduit
www.terra.com.br^Terra
crowdscience.com^Crowd Science
google.ac^Google
gomez.com^Compuware
sevenads.net^SevenAds
compuware.com^Compuware
go-mpulse.net^Akamai
axf8.net^Compuware
google.com.na^Google
google.com.bn^Google
agencytradingdesk.net^ContextuAds
akqa.com^AKQA
gocampaignlive.com^PopRule
eyewonder.com^DG
adtruth.com^AdTruth
adcirrus.com^AdCirrus
adjust.com^Adjust
politads.com^Politads
theridechannel.com^Complex Media
invitemedia.com^Google
nuffnang.com^Nuffnang
admedo.com^Admedo
optify.net^Optify
dedicatedmedia.com^Dedicated Media
bidsystem.com^Adknowledge
bookdepository.com^Amazon.com
outlook.com^Microsoft
awltovhc.com^Commission Junction
cardlytics.com^Cardlytics
leadtrackingdata.com^CallSource
rtbhouse.com^RTBHouse
apmebf.com^Commission Junction
displaymarketplace.com^Datran Media
jivox.com^Jivox
owneriq.com^OwnerIQ
www.adlantis.jp^AdLantis
tumri.net^Collective
tumri.com^Collective
solecollector.com^Complex Media
webgozar.com^WebGozar.com
punchtab.com^PunchTab
yieldoptimizer.com^Adara Media
adsfac.info^Facilitate Digital
wsservices.org^CoinHive
yldmgrimg.net^Verizon Media
eqads.com^EQ Ads
cnhv.co^CoinHive
vi.ai^VideoIntelligence
nuance.com^TouchCommerce
adbrain.com^Adbrain
ad-miner.com^CoinHive
audible.it^Amazon.com
google.hu^Google
cc-dt.com^Google
777seo.com^ewebse
greystripe.com^ConversantMedia
connectedads.net^AddThis
clovenetwork.com^Clove Network
ebay.es^eBay
clipsyndicate.com^ClipSyndicate
silver-path.com^MUNDO Media
clickwinks.com^Clickwinks
permuto.com^Buysight
ampxchange.com^Admarketplace
belstat.be^Belstat
clickbooth.com^Clickbooth
google.com.au^Google
bloom-hq.com^AdGear
clickyab.com^Clickayab
clickguard.com^ClickGuard
simpli.fi^Simpli.fi
mobsmith.com^Fox One Stop Media
belstat.nl^Belstat
bkrtx.com^BlueKai
nextstat.com^NextSTAT
conversiondashboard.com^ClickFuel
wisokykulas.bid^ClickFrog
franecki.net^ClickFrog
coinhive.com^CoinHive
maxbounty.com^MaxBounty
hlserve.com^Criteo
bashirian.biz^ClickFrog
belboon.com^belboon
summitmedia.co.uk^Summit
creative-serving.com^ClickDistrict
sexinyourcity.com^SexInYourCity
azure.com^Microsoft
cedexis.com^Cedexis
omtrdc.net^Adobe
clickdistrict.com^ClickDistrict
mercadolibre.com.uy^Mercadopago
pathinteractive.com^Clearsearch Media
atlassolutions.com^Facebook
csdata2.com^ClearSaleing
vwo.com^Wingify
traffichaus.com^TrafficHaus
martinimedianetwork.com^Martini Media
clearsaleing.com^ClearSaleing
veoxa.com^Veoxa
digitru.st^IAB
alexametrics.com^Amazon.com
google.co.ck^Google
admagnet.com^Ad Magnet
clearlink.com^ClearLink
summerhamster.com^Sourcepoint
adhaven.com^4INFO
simply.com^Dada
chitika.net^Chitika
rmxads.com^Verizon Media
atinternet.com^AT Internet
searchmarketing.com^ChannelAdvisor
adxyield.com^AdYield
mediaiprom.com^iPROM
channelintelligence.com^Channel Intelligence
matomy.com^Matomy
websitealive7.com^WebsiteAlive
ads-twitter.com^Twitter
w3counter.com^Awio
chango.ca^Chango
adsupply.com^Adsupply
e-kolay.net^ekolay
crosspixel.net^Cross Pixel
google.com.sg^Google
dt00.net^MarketGid
cashbeet.com^CashBeet
consiliummedia.com^Consilium Media
imedia.cz^iMedia
medianet.com^Casale Media
adspdbl.com^AvidMedia
amobee.com^Amobee
overture.com^Verizon Media
carts.guru^CartsGuru
etrigue.com^eTrigue
topsy.com^Topsy
google.bi^Google
groceryshopping.net^Grocery Shopping Network
statistics.ro^Cart.ro
bnmla.com^engage:BDR
brilig.com^Brilig
cart.ro^Cart.ro
netmng.com^Netmining
adpdealerservices.com^ADP Dealer Services
various.com^Various
belstat.fr^Belstat
www.caraytech.com.ar^Caraytech
interpolls.com^Interpolls
acuityads.com^Acuity
aerifymedia.com^AERIFY MEDIA
networldmedia.net^BV! MEDIA
caraytech.com.ar^Caraytech
socialchorus.com^SocialChorus
carambo.la^Carambola
agreensdistra.info^AdMaven
pinterest.cl^Pinterest
ioam.de^INFOnline
cpmstar.com^CPMStar
imdb.de^Amazon.com
listrakbi.com^Listrak
admailtiser.com^CONTEXTin
zvab.com^Amazon.com
cbproads.com^CBproADS
blacklabelads.com^Black Label Ads
com.com^CBS Interactive
adnetik.com^Adnetik
myconversionlab.com^ClickFuel
tapad.com^Tapad
aimatch.com^SAS
attributionmodel.com^C3 Metrics
datmean.com^DatMean
fuel451.com^FuelX
ohana-media.com^Ohana Media
buzzparadise.com^BuzzParadise
adsummos.net^Korrelate
korrelate.com^Korrelate
buysight.com^Buysight
buzzfed.com^BuzzFeed
buzzfeed.com^BuzzFeed
mcafee.com^McAfee
polldaddy.com^Automattic
google.com.np^Google
pheedo.com^Pheedo
pulsemgr.com^Buysight
microsoftstream.com^Microsoft
facebook.net^Facebook
adhigh.net^GetIntent
buysellads.com^BuySellAds
usebutton.com^Button
adsrvr.org^The Trade Desk
acuity.com^Acuity
adform.com^Adform
nativo.com^Nativo
pantherssl.com^ClickTale
burstnet.com^Burst Media
localytics.com^Localytics
bunchball.com^Bunchball
userapi.com^VKontakte
boostbox.com.br^BoostBox
bufferapp.com^Buffer
browser-update.org^Browser-Update.org
contextin.com^CONTEXTin
contactimpact.de^ContactImpact
exelate.com^eXelate
btrll.com^BrightRoll
brightedge.com^BrightEdge
crypto-webminer.com^CryptoWebMiner
appcast.io^AppCast
designbloxlive.com^MediaMath
localyokelmedia.com^Local Yokel Media
heyzap.com^Heyzap
nr7.us^Net-Results
google.lt^Google
baynote.net^Baynote
collider.com^Complex Media
bridgewell.com^Bridgewell
causes.com^Causes
mxptint.net^MaxPoint
rtbidder.net^Brandscreen
google.pl^Google
directresponsegroup.com^Direct Response Group
brandaffinity.net^Brand Affinity Technologies
mobilemeteor.com^Mobile Meteor
friendfeed.com^Facebook
bounceexchange.com^Bouncex
tonefuse.com^ToneFuse
doublepositive.com^DoublePositive
zopim.com^Zopim
addynamo.net^Ad Dynamo
clicksor.com^Clicksor
deployads.com^Sortable
csdata1.com^ClearSaleing
affectv.co.uk^Affectv
ml314.com^Bombora
365media.com^365Media
faithadnet.com^faithadnet
bombora.com^Bombora
bmmetrix.com^Bluemetrix
visistat.com^VisiStat
kissmetrics.com^KISSmetrics
reauthenticator.com^CryptoLoot
applifier.com^Applifier
clicksor.net^Clicksor
mouseflow.com^Mouseflow
google.ge^Google
adrevolution.com^AdRevolution
bluestreak.com^Aegis Group
burstly.com^Burstly
spinner.com^Verizon Media
saymedia.com^SAY
mfadsrvr.com^BidSwitch
shorttailmedia.com^AdGent Digital
bluecava.com^BlueCava
monetizemore.com^Monetize More
google.hr^Google
nuggad.net^nugg.ad
blutrumpet.com^Blu Trumpet
tribalfusion.com^Exponential Interactive
out-there-media.com^Out There Media
addthiscdn.com^AddThis
brcdn.com^BloomReach
wishabi.com^Wishabi
serv1swork.com^CashBeet
snoobi.fi^Snoobi
radiatemedia.com^Radiate Media
hitslink.com^HitsLink
getpolymorph.com^Polymorph
blogherads.com^BlogHer
blogcounter.de^BlogCounter.com
netbina.com^NetBina
inboundwriter.com^InboundWriter
ucoz.du^uCoz
skypeassets.com^Microsoft
blogcatalog.com^BlogCatalog
bizo.com^Bizo
strongmail.com^StrongMail
lzjl.com^Paypopup.com
bittads.com^BittAds
magnify360.com^Magnify360
pixazza.com^Verizon Media
adknowledge.com^Adknowledge
google.cd^Google
tweetmeme.com^DataSift
adstours.com^AdsTours
bigdoor.com^BigDoor
csi-tracking.com^ClearSight Interactive
lduhtrp.net^ConversantMedia
dedicatednetworks.com^Dedicated Media
google.md^Google
clmbtech.com^TheTimesGroup
ftjcfx.com^Commission Junction
adspirit.net^AdSpirit
burstmedia.com^Burst Media
bigclick.me^BigClick
yandex.com^Yandex
metadsp.co.uk^AvidMedia
ipcounter.de^DirectCORP
bidvertiser.com^BidVertiser
cetrk.com^Crazy Egg
conduit-banners.com^Conduit
zendesk.com^Zendesk
eyeconomy.com^Eyeconomy
bidswitch.net^BidSwitch
vgwort.de^VG WORT
abebooks.de^Amazon.com
bidswitch.com^BidSwitch
engago.com^Engago Technology
connextra.com^Betgenius
webvisor.org^Yandex
checkm8.com^CheckM8
adaramedia.com^Adara Media
belstat.com^Belstat
google.tm^Google
beaconads.com^BuySellAds
audienceiq.com^Experian
chitika.com^Chitika
web-visor.com^Yandex
giantrealm.com^Burst Media
virtualearth.net^Microsoft
listrak.com^Listrak
audience2media.com^Audience2Media
begun.ru^Begun
mparticle.com^mParticle
afy11.net^Cox Digital Solutions
everestjs.net^Adobe
adtechus.com^ADTECH
extend.tv^ZypMedia
yoggrt.com^Yoggrt
bazaarvoice.com^Bazaarvoice
adnetwork.vn^Ambient Digital
baynote.com^Baynote
payhit.com^PayHit
businessol.com^BusinessOnline
vix.com^Batanga Network
bitcoinplus.com^Bitcoin Plus
webmecanik.com^Webmecanik
montwam.top^Adnium
fyber.com^Fyber
stylemepretty.com^Verizon Media
batanganetwork.com^Batanga Network
batanga.com^Batanga Network
clixpy.com^Clixpy
creativecdn.com^RTBHouse
admarketplace.net^Admarketplace
statdynamic.com^CryptoLoot
baronsoffers.com^BaronsNetworks
vk.com^VKontakte
barilliance.com^Barilliance
ebay.com.au^eBay
crwdcntrl.net^Lotame
phonefactor.net^Microsoft
backbeatmedia.com^BackBeat Media
google.st^Google
www.fxj.com.au^Fairfax Media
valueclick.net^ConversantMedia
qksz.net^Commission Junction
pebblepost.com^PebblePost
brsrvr.com^BloomReach
bvmedia.ca^BV! MEDIA
clustrmaps.com^ClustrMaps
hotjar.com^Hotjar
luj.sdsjweb.com^Ybrant Digital
firstwefeast.com^Complex Media
digg.com^Digg
branchez-vous.com^BV! MEDIA
mediaimpact.sk^Azet
adverline.com^Adverline
zanox-affiliate.de^zanox
opentracker.net^Opentracker
bucksense.com^BuckSense
ad-score.com^Protected Media
google.fi^Google
applovin.com^Applovin
azet.sk^Azet
adknife.com^Ad Knife
w3roi.com^Awio
maxusglobal.com^MaxPoint
trafficmanager.net^Microsoft
bouncex.net^Bouncex
awio.com^Awio
mirando.de^Mirando
perfiliate.com^Awin
aamsitecertifier.com^AuditedMedia
websitealive8.com^WebsiteAlive
websitealive6.com^WebsiteAlive
awin.com^Awin
yahooapis.com^Verizon Media
gorollick.com^Rollick
avocet.io^Avocet
avidglobalmedia.com^AvidMedia
beanstockmedia.com^Beanstock Media
tongdun.net^tongdun.cn
avantlink.com^AvantLink
c3metrics.com^C3 Metrics
certona.com^Certona
adomik.com^Adomik
avalanchers.com^Avalanchers
tracksimple.com^BlueKai
tensquare.com^TENSQUARE
google.sc^Google
onlinewebstats.com^Web Stats
pubmine.com^Automattic
webedia-group.com^WebediaGroup
bmst.pw^CoinHive
gravatar.com^Automattic
nudatasecurity.com^NuDataSecurity
automattic.com^Automattic
hipcricket.com^Augme
yp.com^AT&T
bidfluence.com^Bidfluence
googletagservices.com^Google
auditedmedia.com^AuditedMedia
eloqua.com^Oracle
aivalabs.com^AivaLabs
targetingmarketplace.com^AudienceScience
webgozar.ir^WebGozar.com
247realmedia.com^WPP
udmserve.net^Underdog Media
appenda.com^Appenda
sproutinc.com^InMobi
audible.in^Amazon.com
google.cat^Google
clickequations.net^Acquisio
communicatorcorp.com^Communicator Corp
callsource.com^CallSource
ctasnet.com^Arkwrights Homebrew
google.com.pk^Google
adgear.com^AdGear
contactatonce.com^Contact At Once!
audiencescience.com^AudienceScience
liftdna.com^OpenX
cpxinteractive.com^CPX Interactive
res-x.com^Certona
adlibrium.com^Adlibrium
stackadapt.com^StackAdapt
audienceadnetwork.com^Audience Ad Network
ooyala.com^Ooyala
microsoftonline-p.net^Microsoft
appsflyer.com^AppsFlyer
adviva.co.uk^Specific Media
adsmarket.com^Matomy
webmetro.com^WebMetro
appier.net^Appier
ieaddons.com^Microsoft
inmobi.com^InMobi
gigya.com^Gigya
1rx.io^Rhythm
districtm.io^DistrictM
audible.fr^Amazon.com
adrdgt.com^AppNexus
crosspixelmedia.com^Cross Pixel
appflood.com^AppFlood
tap.me^Tap.me
noktamedya.com^Nokta
dsply.com^Answers.com
cpxadroit.com^CPX Interactive
souq.com^Amazon.com
sift.com^SiftScience
revinet.com^PubMatic
fetchback.com^FetchBack
alexa.com^Amazon.com
sascdn.com^SmartAdServer
freecontent.bid^JSE
answers.com^Answers.com
withoutabox.com^Amazon.com
google.com.cy^Google
andbeyond.media^AndBeyond
amigos.com^Various
symplify.com^Symplify
sway.com^Microsoft
dpreview.in^Amazon.com
webtraffic.se^Webtraffic
limelight.com^Limelight Networks
amplitude.com^Amplitude
onaudience.com^OnAudience
serving-sys.com^DG
adperfect.com^AdPerfect
adlantic.nl^AppNexus
resonatenetworks.com^Resonate
comclick.com^Hi-media
trackersimulator.org^EFF
dlqm.net^Safecount
coinpot.co^CoinPot
responsetap.com^AdInsight
sessioncam.com^SessionCam
zappos.com^Amazon.com
inspectlet.com^Inspectlet
adworx.nl^Adworx
adsperity.com^Adsperity
tvpixel.com^LiveRamp
googlesource.com^Google
netmining.com^Netmining
monster.com^Monster
iberlibro.com^Amazon.com
twitch.tv^Amazon.com
abebooks.co.uk^Amazon.com
twitch.com^Amazon.com
consumable.com^Consumable
b0e8.com^BrightEdge
entireweb.com^Entireweb
w55c.net^DataXu
tealiumiq.com^Tealium
shopbop.com^Amazon.com
adfunky.com^Adfunky
oridian.com^Ybrant Digital
coxdigitalsolutions.com^Cox Digital Solutions
pillpack.com^Amazon.com
dpreview.com^Amazon.com
4info.com^4INFO
fb.me^Facebook
collarity.com^Collarity
dmtry.com^Adometry
adworx.at^Adworx
createspace.com^Amazon.com
amazon.es^Amazon.com
brilliancepublishing.com^Amazon.com
districtm.net^DistrictM
adgentdigital.com^AdGent Digital
vserv.mobi^Vserv
clicmanager.fr^ClicManager
thinkrealtime.com^Think Realtime
look.com^Amazon.com
adplan-ds.com^Xrost DS
leadlander.com^Upland
adgainersolutions.com^AdGainerSolutions
advertstream.com^Advert Stream
audible.com^Amazon.com
crm4d.com^Graphnium
adiquity.com^AdIQuity
audible.co.uk^Amazon.com
amazon.com.mx^Amazon.com
office.net^Microsoft
adroll.com^AdRoll
vertster.com^Vertster
footprintlive.com^Footprint
audible.co.jp^Amazon.com
amazon.sa^Amazon.com
dataxu.com^DataXu
maxpointinteractive.com^MaxPoint
yahoo.co.jp^Verizon Media
pulse360.com^Seevast
google.gy^Google
mypagerank.net^MyPagerank.Net
google.cf^Google
mypressplus.com^MyPressPlus
ensighten.com^Ensighten
amazon.nl^Amazon.com
yieldmanager.com^Verizon Media
directadvert.ru^DirectAdvert
quadrantone.com^quadrantOne
chartbeat.com^Chartbeat
kenshoo.com^Kenshoo
ambientdigital.com.vn^Ambient Digital
qoof.com^Viewbix
amazon.com.au^Amazon.com
google.com.tw^Google
burstdirectads.com^Burst Media
mediacom.com^MediaCom
bannerbank.ru^Manifest
crashlytics.com^Google
unicast.com^DG
33across.com^33Across
affinity.com^Affinity
superfish.com^Superfish
adocean.pl^AdOcean
ymail.com^Verizon Media
choicestream.com^ChoiceStream
admarvel.com^AdMarvel
tradedoubler.com^Tradedoubler
adscience.nl^Adscience
actisens.com^Actisens
google.com.vn^Google
edgesuite.net^Akamai
bitmedia.io^BitMedia
goodreads.com^Amazon.com
datvantage.com^Datvantage
amazoninspire.com^Amazon.com
belstat.de^Belstat
meetic-partners.com^Match.com
adv-adserver.com^Adversal.com
ssl-images-amazon.com^Amazon.com
capitaldata.fr^CAPITALDATA
paypopup.com^Paypopup.com
bannerconnect.net^Bannerconnect
assoc-amazon.com^Amazon.com
xg4ken.com^Kenshoo
google.ga^Google
nugg.ad^nugg.ad
contextweb.com^CONTEXTWEB
fabric.com^Amazon.com
amazon.com^Amazon.com
augme.com^Augme
clickdensity.com^Clickdensity
amazon.co.uk^Amazon.com
bouncex.com^Bouncex
adobe.com^Adobe
msads.net^Microsoft
google.co.ug^Google
kaltura.com^Kaltura
etargetnet.com^Etarget
cloudfront.net^Amazon.com
games.com^Verizon Media
accelia.net^Accelia
afdads.com^AfterDownload
amazon.ca^Amazon.com
google.com.mm^Google
admagnet.net^Ad Magnet
adfonic.com^Adfonic
google.me^Google
burstbeacon.com^Burst Media
6pm.com^Amazon.com
clearspring.com^AddThis
adsco.re^AdScore
amadesa.com^Amadesa
sociomantic.com^sociomantic labs
mediaforge.com^mediaFORGE
gtopstats.com^GTop
aloodo.com^Aloodo
e-planning.net^Caraytech
certifica.com^comScore
mmismm.com^Mindset Media
adbrn.com^Adbrain
allstarmediagroup.com^AllStarMediaGroup
kantarmedia.com^WPP
admicro.vn^Admicro
adpersia.com^Adpersia
beencounter.com^beencounter
audible.de^Amazon.com
adcloud.com^Deutsche Post DHL
microsoftedgeinsiders.com^Microsoft
aweber.com^AWeber
adhood.com^adhood
gb-world.net^GB-World
adinsight.eu^AdInsight
woot.com^Amazon.com
amazon-adsystem.com^Amazon.com
opinionbar.com^MetrixLab
google.tt^Google
adsvelocity.com^Velocity Media
conviva.com^Conviva
dentsuaegisnetwork.com^Aegis Group
abebooks.fr^Amazon.com
snoobi.com^Snoobi
dada.pro^Dada
activemeter.com^ActiveConversion
jaroop.com^Jaroop
aemedia.com^Aegis Group
contextuads.com^ContextuAds
othersonline.com^Fox One Stop Media
datranmedia.com^Datran Media
adzerk.net^Adzerk
layer-ads.net^Layer Ads
effectivemeasure.com^Effective Measure
autoblog.com^Verizon Media
adxvalue.com^Adxvalue
addynamo.com^Ad Dynamo
silverpop.com^Silverpop
millennialmedia.com^Millennial Media
advertisespace.com^AdvertiseSpace
quantcast.com^Quantcast
sublimemedia.net^Eyeconomy
kinopoisk.ru^Yandex
iasds01.com^Integral Ad Science
advertise.com^Advertise.com
google.tn^Google
pinpoll.com^PinPoll
adverticum.net^Adverticum
luckyorange.com^LuckyOrange
yandex.by^Yandex
qksz.com^Commission Junction
valuedopinions.co.uk^Research Now
google.kg^Google
msauthimages.net^Microsoft
adperium.com^Adperium
adlucent.com^Adlucent
skribit.com^Skribit
google.lu^Google
adventori.com^Adventori
seevast.com^Seevast
adextent.com^AdExtent
accordantmedia.com^Accordant Media
euroclick.com^Amobee
adnium.com^Adnium
widgetserver.com^Flite
pontiflex.com^Pontiflex
adtegrity.com^Adtegrity.com
aadrm.com^Microsoft
eyeota.net^Eyeota
google.gg^Google
smartadserver.com^SmartAdServer
clickintext.net^AdsTours
keep.com^AdKeeper
thetradedesk.com^The Trade Desk
gleam.io^Gleam
63labs.com^63 Squares
affine.tv^Affine
adversalservers.com^ISI Technologies
google.com.af^Google
adeurope.com^AD Europe
cmads.com.tw^Cognitive Match
etracker.de^etracker
cryptolootminer.com^CryptoLoot
livefyre.com^Adobe
webclicktracker.com^Webclicktracker
spylog.com^Openstat
amazon.de^Amazon.com
typekit.com^Adobe
ztsrv.com^LeadsHub
fiksu.com^Fiksu
goldbach.com^Goldbach
adlantis.jp^AdLantis
websitealive4.com^WebsiteAlive
amgdgt.com^Amobee
hitbox.com^Adobe
fbcdn.net^Facebook
fyre.co^Adobe
openx.org^OpenX
smtad.net^Google
betgenius.com^Betgenius
adotmob.com^Adotmob
vendemore.com^Vendemore
everestads.net^Adobe
pinimg.com^Pinterest
linkshare.com^LinkShare
admarketplace.com^Admarketplace
google.im^Google
amung.us^whos.amung.us
radiumone.com^RadiumOne
adtrgt.com^Prime Visibility
cubics.com^Adknowledge
adrtx.net^Adality
aim4media.com^Aim4Media
verticalresponse.com^VerticalResponse
admized.com^Admized
matomymedia.com^Matomy
secure-adserver.com^Verizon Media
google.ps^Google
insightgrit.com^Zeta Email Solutions
getintent.com^GetIntent
admixer.co.kr^Admixer
live.com^Microsoft
authedmine.com^CoinHive
brighttag.com^BrightTag
amazonaws.com^Amazon.com
telaria.com^Taleria
vcmedia.vn^Admicro
atemda.com^Admeta
makers.com^Verizon Media
avantmetrics.com^AvantLink
mercadolibre.com.mx^Mercadopago
storetail.io^Criteo
lookery.com^Adknowledge
ynxs.io^YieldNexus
acuityplatform.com^Acuity
rapleaf.com^Rapleaf
datasift.com^DataSift
adtech.com^ADTECH
hit-parade.com^AT Internet
s-msn.com^Microsoft
adparlor.com^Adknowledge
leafgroup.com^Demand Media
google.com.gt^Google
eyeblaster.com^DG
google.iq^Google
adlooxtracking.com^Adloox
marketo.com^Marketo
reztrack.com^Sabre
adblade.com^Adiant
google.com.do^Google
dynatrace.com^Compuware
smartclip.com^Amobee
pixel.sg^Pixel.sg
adocean-global.com^AdOcean
seadform.net^Adform
imdb.com^Amazon.com
wowanalytics.co.uk^WOW Analytics
yahoofs.com^Verizon Media
adnxs.com^AppNexus
adglare.net^Adglare
getclicky.com^Roxr
compasslabs.com^Compass Labs
list-manage.com^MailChimp
owneriq.net^OwnerIQ
activengage.com^ActivEngage
quitzon.net^ClickFrog
foresee.com^Foresee
linkz.net^Linkz
omnitagjs.com^AdYouLike
sharepoint.com^Microsoft
ipredictive.com^Adelphic
aerserv.com^InMobi
boxofficemojo.com^Amazon.com
bubblestat.com^Bubblestat
mochila.com^Mochila
microsoftstore.com^Microsoft
madhouse.cn^Madhouse
adition.com^ADITION
visitstreamer.com^Visit Streamer
adsmart.com^Adverticum
dmpxs.com^dmpxs
adelphic.com^Adelphic
xgraph.net^AddThis
durasite.net^Accelia
xplusone.com^Rocket Fuel
kcdwa.com^Commission Junction
newtentionassets.net^newtention
clicktripz.com^ClickTripz
llnwd.net^Limelight Networks
nanigans.com^Nanigans
xgraph.com^AddThis
konduto.com^Konduto
intergi.com^Intergi
visitorville.com^Pronunciator
friends2follow.com^Friends2Follow
eyenewton.ru^EyeNewton
revsci.net^AudienceScience
branica.com^Branica
z5x.net^DSNR Group
admob.com^Google
teads.tv^Teads.tv
arkwrightshomebrew.com^Arkwrights Homebrew
flashtalking.com^Flashtalking
adshuffle.com^AdShuffle
avsads.com^Avsads
googleusercontent.com^Google
ebay.co.uk^eBay
ad-stir.com^AdStir
google.com.tn^Google
adimg.net^AdLantis
adbroker.de^Adbroker.de
globe7.com^Globe7
adbot.tw^Adbot
google.sn^Google
phpmyvisites.us^phpMyVisites
campaigngrid.com^CampaignGrid
ybrantdigital.com^Ybrant Digital
mojiva.com^Mojiva
pippio.com^Acxiom
heronpartners.com.au^The Heron Partnership
adaptly.com^Adaptly
kitd.com^KIT digital
z5x.com^DSNR Group
adotube.com^Exponential Interactive
yahoo.com^Verizon Media
adop.cc^ADOP
adglare.com^Adglare
carambola.com^Carambola
bluelithium.com^Verizon Media
4mads.com^4mads
genesismedia.com^Genesis Media
google.com.bd^Google
adbuyer.com^Mediaocean
adloox.com^Adloox
digitaltarget.ru^Digital Target
google.tk^Google
adform.net^Adform
addecisive.com^Ad Decisive
eastdane.com^Amazon.com
wordstream.com^WordStream
adspirit.de^AdSpirit
webads.co.uk^WebAds
adbull.com^Lexos Media
adspeed.net^AdSpeed
woopra.com^Woopra
thebrighttag.com^BrightTag
channeladvisor.com^ChannelAdvisor
aralego.com^ucfunnel
wingify.com^Wingify
adx1.com^Adsty
pswec.com^Proclivity
marktest.com^Marktest
btbuckets.com^BTBuckets
veremedia.com^Veremedia
onclusive.com^Onclusive
adxpansion.com^AdXpansion
google.pt^Google
adyoulike.com^AdYouLike
amazon.cn^Amazon.com
lypn.com^Lynchpin
adonnetwork.net^Prime Visibility
cloudappsecurity.com^Microsoft
admeta.com^Admeta
triplelift.com^TripleLift
afterdownload.com^AfterDownload
freewheel.tv^FreeWheel
adriver.ru^AdRiver
perfectmarket.com^Taboola
azetklik.sk^Azet
doclix.com^AdSide
adleave.com^AdLeave
adreactor.com^AdReactor
admaximizer.com^AdMaximizer Network
dataium.com^Dataium
slunecnice.cz^Slunecnice
adonion.com^AdOnion
yceml.net^Commission Junction
adfrontiers.com^AdFrontiers
switchconcepts.co.uk^Switch
nonstoppartner.net^ResolutionMedia
admedia.com^AdMedia
workplace.com^Facebook
chartbeat.net^Chartbeat
rensovetors.info^AdMaven
financialcontent.com^FinancialContent
cdnma.com^Net-Results
distiltag.com^DistilNetworks
wrethicap.info^AdMaven
mepirtedic.com^MinerAlt
casalemedia.com^Casale Media
freedom.com^Freedom Communications
ad-maven.com^AdMaven
shortcuts.com^Verizon Media
islay.tech^IslayTech
publicidees.com^Public-IdÃ©es
disqusads.com^Disqus
banner-rotation.com^affilinet
travoramedia.com^Travora Media
cbox.ws^Cbox
at-o.net^AT Internet
yimg.jp^Verizon Media
conversive.nl^Conversive
mediawhiz.com^Matomy
editions.com^Verizon Media
frogsex.com^Frog Sex
adserverpub.com^AdServerPub
google.com.lc^Google
mediavoice.com^Polar Mobile
gogrid.com^GoGrid
emxdgt.com^EMX
metrixlab.com^MetrixLab
a2dfp.net^Ad Decisive
paid-to-promote.net^Paid-To-Promote.net
bidtellect.com^Bidtellect
adaptiveads.com^AdaptiveAds
google.je^Google
statistik-gallup.net^TNS
adkernel.com^AdKernel
google.mk^Google
clixmetrix.com^ClixMetrix
blogher.com^BlogHer
merchantadvantage.com^MerchantAdvantage
google.com.bo^Google
adspirit.com^AdSpirit
targ.ad^WPP
adsbwm.com^OxaMedia
akncdn.com^AdKeeper
theepicmediagroup.com^Epic Media Group
mybloglog.com^Verizon Media
traffiq.com^Traffiq
admotion.com^Admotion
adingo.jp^Fluct
esm1.net^Think Realtime
adinsight.com^AdInsight
wtp101.com^Adnetik
adfox.ru^AdFox
google.co.th^Google
phonalytics.com^Phonalytics
cmadseu.com^Cognitive Match
rimmkaufman.com^Merkle
demdex.com^Adobe
monetate.net^Monetate
onenote.com^Microsoft
intermarkets.net^Intermarkets
ebay.co.jp^eBay
gigcount.com^Gigya
tweetdeck.com^Twitter
ad4game.com^Ad4Game
resultlinks.com^Future Ads
picadmedia.com^Vibrant Media
adjug.com^AdJug
adgrx.com^AdGear
chango.com^Chango
adfusion.com^Adfusion
retirement-living.com^Retirement Living
buzzcity.com^Reporo
inadco.com^Inadco
storygize.com^Storygize
dmtracker.com^Adobe
choozle.com^Choozle
2mdn.net^Google
pigeonsandplanes.com^Complex Media
adf.ly^AdF.ly
acompli.net^Microsoft
actonsoftware.com^Act-On
fastclick.net^ConversantMedia
adfunkyserver.com^Adfunky
anonymous-media.com^AERIFY MEDIA
acxiomapac.com^Acxiom
bgclck.me^BigClick
icrossing.com^Hearst
geniee.co.jp^GENIEE
www.grapeshot.co.uk^Grapeshot
adtoll.com^Clickbooth
sovrn.com^Sovrn
acxiom.com^Acxiom
collective.com^Collective
dwin1.com^Awin
ucoz.ru^uCoz
authedwebmine.cz^Webmine
adkeeper.com^AdKeeper
salesforce-communities.com^Salesforce.com
google.fr^Google
sway-cdn.com^Microsoft
clickfrog.ru^ClickFrog
infra-ad.com^Infra-Ad
dsnrgroup.com^DSNR Group
adnext.fr^Adverline
adconion.com^Amobee
salesforce.com^Salesforce.com
federatedmedia.net^Federated Media
btstatic.com^BrightTag
oewa.at^Ã–WA
brightcove.com^Brightcove
epsilon.com^Epsilon
i-stats.com^63 Squares
linkconnector.com^LinkConnector
experian.com^Experian
clickaider.com^ClickAider
adpredictive.com^AdPredictive
shinystat.com^ShinyStat
beachfront.com^BeachFront
behavioralengine.com^OnAudience
affiliatetracking.com^ATN
rfihub.net^Rocket Fuel
chartboost.com^Chartboost
netelixir.com^NetElixir
mdotm.com^MdotM
freecontent.stream^JSE
amazon.fr^Amazon.com
pinterest.se^Pinterest
adjuggler.com^AdJuggler
adversal.com^Adversal.com
ebay.be^eBay
adgibbon.com^AdGibbon
amazingcounters.com^Amazing Counters
theecsinc.com^ECSAnalytics
autocentre.ua^AUTOCENTRE.UA
adserver.com^ConversantMedia
9c9media.ca^MarkMonitor
hooklogic.com^Criteo
convergedirect.com^ConvergeDirect
drawbrid.ge^Drawbridge
unica.com^IBM
adzcentral.com^ADZ
adbutler.com^Sparklit
quantserve.com^Quantcast
aggregateintelligence.com^365Media
mm7.net^Acxiom
id5.io^ID5
google.com.ua^Google
gmodules.com^Google
lockerdome.com^LockerDome
winamp.com^Verizon Media
i.ua^I.UA
id.kickfire.com^VisiStat
google.co.zm^Google
todacell.com^Todacell
contaxe.com^CONTAXE
clickotmedia.com^Adorika
xiti.com^AT Internet
adprecision.net^adPrecision
clickdimensions.com^ClickDimensions
adyield.com^AdYield
adformdsp.net^Adform
conversionruler.com^ConversionRuler
intentmedia.net^Intent Media
ucoz.ae^uCoz
albacross.com^Albacross
rsz.sk^Azet
openx.net^OpenX
innity.com^Innity
addthis.com^AddThis
cobalt.com^ADP Dealer Services
responsys.com^Responsys
goldspotmedia.com^GoldSpot Media
collserve.com^Dataium
cadreon.com^Cadreon
cloudapp.net^Microsoft
advisormedia.cz^Advisor Media
cmmeglobal.com^Cognitive Match
pinterest.ca^Pinterest
addvantagemedia.com^Addvantage Media
ihs.com^Dataium
2leep.com^2leep.com
ubertags.com^UberTags
google.com.pe^Google
cdkglobal.com^ADP Dealer Services
boudja.com^AdMaven
adswizz.com^Adswizz
ibpxl.com^Internet Brands
avidglobalmedia.eu^AvidMedia
estara.com^Oracle
adap.tv^Adap.tv
twyn.com^Twyn Group
addfreestats.com^AddFreeStats
sourcepoint.com^Sourcepoint
blogrollr.com^BlogRollr
admission.net^ADP Dealer Services
fathomdelivers.com^Fathom
oneiota.co.uk^One iota
adtelligence.de^ADTELLIGENCE
adsnative.com^Polymorph
ad2onegroup.com^AD2ONE
63squares.com^63 Squares
c3tag.com^C3 Metrics
intensedebate.com^Automattic
ggpht.com^Google
adworx.be^Adworx
raasnet.com^Hearst
adless.io^Gridcash
everesttech.net^Adobe
homesessive.com^Verizon Media
google.ee^Google
pulpix.com^AdYouLike
